Design
	Bigger planets, further apart
	Idea is to make them pertinent, desctruction, creation, etc all made easier and emphasized if bodies are relatively few and space is large. Rather players fight over a planet than always exist on seperate smaller desert islands.
	Zones direcly surrounding are less dense? Getting denser further away. Leaves room while making aim rewarded. Close rings are sparse, not rich (but key positionaly for expansion or threatening).
	Player worlds unique (default is slightly larger than medium size)
	Large sparse worlds directly adjacent in outer ring. Smaller, rich things
	Objects of note in soup, visually striking, like asteroid in field that is bigger or different shape, visual marker of what upgrade. Moons and asteroids harvested (destroyed), planets with value need to be settled (milked). 
	So big nearby planets are low flow, easy to hit, good outposts, likely fought over. Smaller harder to hit more rewarding yet 
	Relative scale need to be bigger. Big things big. 
	Far fewer bodies, making visuals less dense. Things happening is important. Distance pertinent.  
	Players in ring 4
		Must expand further rings, that is lot of "meat"
	These accomodations allow weapons to be quite strong. 
	We want lots of debris, things like astroids, slow threats that need dealt with, debris.



Idea is better envisioned as intra-solar system, or like 2 with four players or whatever. Makes having unique planets, position from sun interesting. Outer planets rotate slower. Building up planet or neibohors more drastic, space smaller, more oppositional - better origional intention. Means more complex spacefuckery isnt necissary, just planets / star / asteroids (moons) / debris. Makes debris more threatening, astroids interesting. Race for upgrades, dominante space, offensive rushdown all strats. Issue of parity in orbit speed. Do not want to make start too asymetrical. Perhaps all in same "middle" ring of same exact orbit speed. To easy to hit neibhors / not fun then? Explore. Off by one inverse rotation direction also possible. Either way workable. 

Can have larger spaces between rings then, needed. Need to collapse across system to allow using empty spacce (other half of system)




Shapes being able to get their own center seems crutial for non-symmetrical shapes. (only if their rotation is to be adjusted, which seems a mixed bag, too complicated for good gamesmanship, too complicated if when your planet gets half destroyed your spinning changes immensely or gravity, more likely that just treat as before in this case.
Non symmetrical shapes in general seem like interesting idea for livening up space considering limits on aspect ratio. Like ones that are initially created unsymmetrical.
