Canvas changes	
	Gravity debug tools
	Make sure needed things are sent from server to client
	x-able to be able to deselect
	Hover highlights body
	Name of body header


Stop player object flying into mars
	Re-add firing as button

Gravity changes
	Not affecting players, flags below.
	bind player to planet, spin, movement, adhere to surface.
	Test larger systems, holes, multiple suns
	Figure out how much empty space is needed for gravity to function
	Adjust gravity values as needed for whitespace.
	Figure how much speed is needed to escape stable orbit
		Apply at vector perpendicular to orbit for honest amount
		Good test for more advanced weapon system

Assign random attractor value, iterate to 10, flag check at 10.


	affectsGravity (boolean): participates in gravity as attractor (true for stars, planets, black hole, not for projectiles/debris)

	isCollidable (boolean): can be hit (true for all except, e.g., forcefield-only objects)

	canBeMoved (boolean): can be moved by force events / collision (projectiles: false; planets: yes, but threashold, stars / holes no.) Perhaps have "order" value in terms of what it can effect, perhaps function of strength. Need to figure out mass effect on this force anyway, so that small objects are more effected (but dont go to ludicrious speeds given smaller space of domain).

Orbit and rotation speed slower for each increase in scale. (E.G. planet around sun every 5 rounds, sun around universe every 20, etc.


debris from bites, likely multiple chunks over direct large chunk. Need to fly away from object they came from, not back into it, no celings make this easy, easy to get range of shortened angles.

Weapons
	Explosions causing some force, equal and opposite to debris
	Spawn a thing
	Basic npc
	Items rotating with body they are on,  moving with it, tied to it unless something happens.

Figure out UI on canvas, what it looks like doing, make workflow for it, etc.

Other interesting shapes: 
	That rounded triangle thing.
	hypershape construct made of joined shapes? This likely works, just need refinement. Likely special class of body has this.

Source non-symmetric shape ideas that still work ok.

Shapes being able to get their own center seems crutial for non-symmetrical shapes. (only if their rotation is to be adjusted, which seems a mixed bag, too complicated for good gamesmanship, too complicated if when your planet gets half destroyed your spinning changes immensely or gravity, more likely that just treat as before in this case.
Non symmetrical shapes in general seem like interesting idea for livening up space considering limits on aspect ratio. Like ones that are initially created unsymmetrical.




	

